Miss Xia, Miss Xu
We've received invitations from both of you.
I'm not very interested in the love between you and Mr. Lin
Today I will interview you live.
We also invited some guests
Can you tell me?
I'm going to that dude is awesome
Actually pick two
Isn't it a love story?
Why do I feel like exposing scum's evil deeds?
I've been separated from you since I was 16
12 years in love
We have entered the marriage hall
Married for 6 years
I am very happy
I thought Lin Feng was just like me
But who knows
Married for 6 years
I use work as an excuse
I get drunk almost every day
Ignoring things at home
It's all Li Feng, they'll help me take care of it all
He is a supervisor in the company
But at home, it's like working hard
Except for housework
He also has to take care of his parents and younger brother
But my mother
And took his pay card?
Years of depression and exhaustion
similar
He had lung cancer.
Coco was when he told me about his illness
I-I think he's lying.
You go, don't cry.
You forgot what we came to TV for
Is Xia Yuqiu crazy?
Saying this on TV
It's still live online, how will I be human in the future?
What are you doing?
Of course, at least Xia Yuqiu
We are still the most wronged to die